Update _index.md (#27700)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/_index.md

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/internal-developer-portal/" d_target="#signupModal" btn_hidden="false" header="Opt in to the preview for our Internal Developer Portal!" >}}
{{< /callout >}}

## Key terminology

Service

> : In APM, a [service][10] is a group of related endpoints, queries, or jobs that perform a piece of work for your application. For example, a service could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: In APM, a [service][10] is a group of related endpoints, queries, or jobs that perform a piece of work for your application. For example, a service could be one of the following:
```

> * A group of URL endpoints may be grouped together under an API service.
> * A group of DB queries that are grouped together within one database service.
> * A group of periodic jobs configured in the crond service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* URL endpoints grouped together under an API service.
* DB queries grouped together within one database service.
* A group of periodic jobs configured in the crond service.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this update to reduce repetition of `group`

> Through custom instrumentation in APM, you may create an arbitrary `service`. In pratice, microservice-based architecture includes multiple APM services, each measuring the performance of sub-components of the application through [Trace Metrics][2]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through custom instrumentation in APM, you can create an arbitrary `service`. In practice, microservice-based architecture includes multiple APM services, each measuring the performance of sub-components of the application through [Trace Metrics][2]. 
```

> In Software Catalog, you can collect non-instrumented servicse by declaring them through [metadata][12] or import additional services through external sources like [Backstage][13] or [ServiceNow][14]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Software Catalog, you can collect non-instrumented services by declaring them through [metadata][12], or import additional services through external sources like [Backstage][13] or [ServiceNow][14]. 
```

System

> : In Software Catalog, a system is a group of components that cooperate to perform a broader piece of function. For example, you may group multiple instrumented APM services into a system because they are operated by the same team. You may also use `system` to represent a full microservice-based piece of architecture and include other components like APIs, datastores, queues, and other common building blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: In the Software Catalog, a system is a group of components that cooperate to perform a broader function. For example, you can group multiple instrumented APM services into a system because they are operated by the same team. You can also use `system` to represent a full microservice-based architecture, and include components like APIs, datastores, queues, and other common building blocks.
```

> System in Datadog has the same meaning as in Backstage's [System Model][15]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: **System** in Datadog has the same meaning as in Backstage's [System Model][15]. 
```

Component

> : In Software Catlaog, a component represents the smallest unit of building blocks of modern microservice-based architecture. A component can be an instrumented APM service, an [inferred][16] or manually declared datastore, or an API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: In the Software Catalog, a component represents the smallest building block of modern microservice-based architecture. A component can be an instrumented APM service, an [inferred][16] or manually declared datastore, or an API. 
```
